[18.0][MIG] sale_product_set (#3386)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_product_set/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

A **product set** is a list of products which end customers aren't

> aware, this list is defined by sales manager.

Reviewer: Why customers cannot be aware of the sets?

> This module aims to help salesman to quickly create several sale order
> lines at once in a quotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module aims to load a product set in a sales order though a wizard. The product set is a list of products and quantities that gets inserted as separate sales order lines.
```

> After a *product set* is added to the sale order, each line can be
> updated or removed as any other sale order lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a *product set* is added to the sales order, each line can be
updated or removed as any other sales order lines.
```

This differs from packing products as you don't follow *product set* are

> not linked to sale order lines once they are added.

Reviewer: huh? Don't get it. I would drop that
